### SageMaker Notebook instance creation

We recommend running this tutorial on a Sagemaker notebook instance. This will ensure you have proper access S3 and the AWS Elastic Container Registry (ECR). From the AWS console page, first go to S3 and create a new bucket if you don't already have one for sagemaker. With standard settings Sagemaker will only connect to buckets with `sagemaker` in the name, so we recommend using something like `mybucket-sagemaker`.

Next, go to the AWS Sagemaker and select `Notebook instance`. Select `Create notebook instance`, give your instance any name you like, and select any instance type you want. You don't need a powerful notebook instance, since we'll be doing the training on different instances. But sometimes you might want to experiment with some training on the notebook instance itself, so more powerful instances are available. For now, an ml.m5.2xlarge should be fine. Select additional configuration and increase your volume size to 100GB. We need the extra size in order to get the model data, and build our docker containers. Under `Permissions and Encryption` select `Create a new role`. A new window will pop up. Leave this with the default settings, and click `Create role`. Everything else can be left as default. Click `Create notebook instance`. 

It will take a few minutes to create the notebook instance. While that's happening, we need to add one more permission to our IAM role we just created. On the `Notebook instances` page you will see your new instance. Click the instance name link, scroll down to `Permissions and encryption` and click the link under `IAM role ARN`. On the summary page, select `Attach policies` in the filter policies box search for `container registry`, check the box next to `AmazonEC2ContainerRegistryFullAccess`, and click `Attach policy`. This allows us to store our new container image we want to use with Sagemaker.

If you don't already have a container repository on Elastic Container Registry, go to `Elastic Container Registry` on the AWS dashboard, click `create repository` and pick any name you like.